Dear Sir/Mam,

I am writing to express my keen interest in the Summer Research Internship Program (SRIP)2024 opportunity at IIT Gandhinagar (IITGN). With a strong passion for Computer Engineering and coding, coupled with my academic background and practical experience, I am eager to contribute to your team and engage in meaningful research endeavors.

Throughout my academic journey, I have cultivated a deep interest in IoT and in Programming Languages like C, C++, Java, Python, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, DSA and Javascript. 

I am currently pursuing Bachelor of Engineering degree in Computer Engineering from L.J. Institute of Engineering & Technology, My undergraduate studies in Computer Engineering have provided me with a solid foundation in IOT, Software Engineering, Computer Programming using Java, 

Mathematics, Fundamental of Electronics and Electrical Engineering, Data Structures using Java and Database Management System.

 Additionally, my coursework in Java and IOT has equipped me with the necessary theoretical background to tackle complex research problems.

Beyond the classroom, I have actively engaged in participating in different Hackathons and extracurricular activities that have honed my research and analytical skills. For instance, I had participated in NASA International Space Apps Challenge and awarded with Galactic Problem Solver. These experiences have not only allowed me to apply theoretical concepts in real-world scenarios but have also taught me the importance of collaboration, critical thinking,team work and adaptability in research settings.

I am particularly drawn to the research internship at IIT Gandhinagar, I am eager to leverage my skills and knowledge to contribute meaningfully to ongoing projects while also learning from seasoned researchers and professionals in the field.

During the internship, I am keen on working on Respiration Sensing System in SmartWacth and gaining hands-on experience in a specific research methodology, developing new skills, and making tangible contributions to projects. I am confident that my background, coupled with my enthusiasm for research, make me a strong candidate for this internship opportunity.

Thank you for considering my application. I am excited about the possibility of contributing to the groundbreaking research that will be conducted at IITGN. I look forward to the opportunity to further discuss how my skills and experiences align with the internship requirements.

Sincerely,
Shrinil Ankulkumar Mahesuria
E-203 DEVDEEP APPARTMENT OPP. SWAMINARAYAN GURUKUL NR. MK BUNGLOWS KOTESHWAR MOTERA ROAD 
AHMEDABAD GUJARAT 380005
shrinilmahesuria@gmail.com
+91 9601823377
